=DateBox.js
====by Jakob Kruse <kruse@kruse-net.dk>

For easy date entry into form input elements.

==Based on

* A rewrite by Will Rickards (2005-02-04) of:

* 'Magic' date parsing, by Simon Willison (6th October 2003)
  http://simonwillison.net/2003/Oct/6/betterDateInput/

==Usage

  DateBox.register(obj);

Where 'obj' is an <input type="text" /> element, or the id of one.

==What you get

The input field will recognize date formats such as:

* today
* tomorrow
* yesterday
* last tuesday
* next saturday
* 4
* 4th jan
* 4th jan 2010
* jan 4
* jan 4 2010
* 1-4
* 1-4-10
* 1-4-2010
* 2010-4-1

... or variantions thereof depending on the chosen locale. Also:

* Double-clicking the field (when empty) will insert todays date
* Scrolling the mouse wheel while hovering the field (when not empty) will increase or decrease the date
* Pressing <up> or <down> in the field (when not empty) will increase or decrease the date

A span will be created dynamically after the input element.
The span will use the CSS classes 'DateBoxControlMsg' and 'DateBoxControlErrorMsg'.
This span will contain either a formatted date (according to your browser locale),
or an error message if the contents of the input can't be parsed, or is not a valid date.

==History

===1.5

* First release on github.
* Added localization support, English and Danish locales.
* Removed external dependencies.
* Chrome and Safari support.
* Doubleclick inserts todays date.
* Supports both US and European date formats (not at the same time though)

===1.4

* Some date formats gave errors in Mozilla, now fixed.
* Added mouse wheel scroll handling.

===1.3

* Empty input no longer shows error.

===1.2

* Added a few new formats.